_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: 1709524860585.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Removed news, created blog posts.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: 1709524860585.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

**Senior @ UNC Chapel Hill | Computer Science and Applied Engineering**

Hi, I’m Martim! 👋 Thanks for visiting my corner of the internet.

I’m a Senior at UNC-Chapel Hill, deeply passionate about the intersection of hardware and software. Currently, I work as in the [Hardware Security Lab @ UNC](https://www.cs.unc.edu/~csturton/HWSecurityatUNC#:~:text=The%20Hardware%20Security%20%40%20UNC%20research,early%20in%20the%20design%20stage.), focusing on tools for formal security validation in hardware designs. I'm also exploring XR technologies and leading research initiatives as part of the Carolina AR/VR Club, mentored by Dr. Richard Marks (former president of PlayStation Magic Labs).

My work spans operating systems, hardware design, and AR/VR development. I’ve prototyped selective noise-canceling AR glasses, contributed to formal verification tools for Intel, and created haptic feedback gloves for VR. I've also worked integrating AI into robots during my internship on the Infosys Emerging Technologies R&D team, with demos showcased to executives from Fortune 500 companies.

Beyond research, I love teaching and mentoring. I’ve supported students as an undergraduate teaching assistant in systems fundamentals, leading to high course averages, and frequently collaborate with peers to bridge academic research and undergraduate opportunities.
